Hi guys, in this tutorial I want to show
you how to install
ComfyUI Portable,
the latest version,
and the ComfyUI Manager.
Okay, let's go.
Okay, first thing's first, open Google.
After opening Google,
let's search for ComfyUI Portable.
After searching for ComfyUI Portable,
let's go to the first link.
Download ComfyUI Portable from this
link.
Okay, downloading is beginning.
Okay, the downloading is finished. Let's
move it right here and extract it. Right
click right here. We double click.
Uh get installed for Windows. You can
install it right here for Windows, or or
you can
install it on Mac OS right here. Let me
zoom it. Like Windows,
press this button
to
uh download the I already downloaded
right here.
Now,
let's search for Python.
Python Windows download.
Okay, Python release for Windows.
Choose latest version, 64-bit, and
choose this version. 5 December 2025.
Okay, click this button and go down.
Choose this one.
Okay, it's the same thing. I already
downloaded a version of Python.
Let's go right here. Press this button
to go to downloads.
Let's download installing one by one.
Let's be ready to get
Okay, yes.
Next, next.
Extracting files.
I think this finish. Now, let's install
Python. Double click okay. Yes, install
now.
Okay, fine.
I already downloaded those requirements.
Get and Python before you install the
ComfyUI Portable.
Okay.
Now, let's choose this ComfyUI Portable.
Okay, we have
It's going to run now.
Let's just
extract files. I want to extract into D
drive.
Program files.
Hit okay, and the extracting is big.
It's taking some time to
extract all those files.
Okay, now let's go to the path where
I extracted it.
The files of the ComfyUI Program Files
ComfyUI Portable.
Okay.
It would be let's install it. Run it
with your GPU first. This one it's a
test run.
Okay.
Let's hit run.
The ComfyUI installation is beginning.
Okay, it's fine. The ComfyUI is
installing correctly.
Now, let's install the ComfyUI Portable.
Let's close this.
Close this, and close the ComfyUI.
Let's install the ComfyUI Manager. We
have the ComfyUI
UI Manager.
Over here the GitHub link.
Go down.
We have this file. Download script. The
script install manager portable for
for Windows version. Okay.
Let's open it.
Now, let's copy this script.
of page
After copying this script, let's
Let's create new text file.
to Camtasia
new one
launch
go
And before that,
I'll be at the extension. You have to
add the script.
Paste right here.
Okay, say awesome.
I file it's just
change the extension
part two
that not text
And let's see.
Okay, this is my
Oh.
Now, let's try.
Okay, let's tell me what's the Camtasia
I manager is begin.
Okay, fine. Let's move to the next
Let's run it.
another file
Go to the file. Let's uh
delete this text file.
Keep my Camtasia is finished.
Okay, this is how to install Camtasia
and the Camtasia manager.
Okay, thank you guys for watching.
Subscribe for the channel.
Support me in the video
in the description. Go to the website to
the nearest like this.